<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html
    PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html version="-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml http://www.w3.org/MarkUp/SCHEMA/xhtml11.xsd" xmlns:author="htx-scheme-id://org.groupware-systems.20190227T133048Z/author.20191217T222007Z" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=UTF-8"/>
    <title>URL Contexts</title>
    <style type="text/css">
      p, dd
      {
          text-align: justify;
      }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Session 2019-12-17: URL Contexts</h1>
    <dl>
      <dt>www.wd-pl.com</dt>
      <dd author:author-id="skreutzer"><span class="url"><a href="https://www.wd-pl.com">www.wd-pl.com</a>: </span>Wise Democracy - Pattern Language is a deck of pattern cards for civil engagement, with Tom Atlee as its prominent figure. The website of the initiative as an important hub is very inviting for visitors to post comments and thoughts about how the patterns/cards could be developed. They’re also orderable on carton. Charles is active in this project. The goal is to improve democracy and society.</dd>
      <dt>www.ccc19.org</dt>
      <dd author:author-id="skreutzer"><span class="url"><a href="https://www.ccc19.org">www.ccc19.org</a>: </span> The Climate Change &amp; Consciousness conference seems to have been a one-time event to raise the consciousness/awareness of the participants about climate change, where it looks like the focus has been set to a multi-stakeholder approach, not exclusively narrowed down to an activist perspective, economic dependencies, political realities, but inviting all of them to a discussion maybe with the goal to arrive at a better understanding of the wider picture. It might not only have been talks, but sessions and opportunities for different people to run into each other.</dd>
      <dt>pressbooks.org</dt>
      <dd author:author-id="skreutzer"><span class="url"><a href="https://pressbooks.org">pressbooks.org</a>: </span>By Hugh McGuire. Is around for a long time now, started early in the e-book hype, basically producing e-books (and likely PDFs too) from WordPress, so it’s a custom WordPress variant, with maybe some parts freely licensed, but I think the point was that the company would run/offer PressBooks as a service for those who don’t want to set it up on their own server (and one has to seriously consider if that’s even an option with larger packages where the vendor wants to keep them a mess so you need the service, but who knows, PressBooks might be decent). I would expect that they also publish texts to the various distributors. You can find some of McGuire’s talks on the project in the “Tools of Change (of Publishing)” series by O’Reilly, but I think these recordings are gone or lost or “de-published” by now.</dd>
      <dt>groupworksdeck.org</dt>
      <dd author:author-id="skreutzer"><span class="url"><a href="https://groupworksdeck.org">groupworksdeck.org</a>: </span>A set of patterns available as a deck of cards (print, website and app at least) for the facilitation of a meeting. The patterns are of relatively short description. It looks like their greatest use is to avoid for conversations to get stuck or narrow, as these patterns introduce and encourage a new perspective to where the session is currently at.</dd>
      <dt>ethicaledtech.info</dt>
      <dd author:author-id="skreutzer"><span class="url"><a href="https://ethicaledtech.info">ethicaledtech.info</a>: </span>A catalog of digital tools, that’s all. No clear explaination given about what the particular ethical considerations are, so the tools listed there might just be “open” according to some vague definition.</dd>
      <dt>www.keybase.io</dt>
      <dd author:author-id="skreutzer"><span class="url"><a href="https://www.keybase.io">www.keybase.io</a>: </span>It’s an online SaaS service to manage your asymetric pair of key/password for strong encryption, but putting that on a server and relying on their service is a stupid idea to begin with in terms of cryptography, so users there trade away security (otherwise common with PGP/GPG and keyservers for public keys for decades) for convenience. Keybase has build a lot of apps of their own (and maybe there are third-party integrations too that use Keybase for authentification/identity, which should have been provided by a concept like OpenID instead) around the central security flaw that they’ll manage your private key, that’s supposed to never be shared with anybody, which absolutely has to exclude Keybase as well. If ignoring the special encryption/security claims and considering them not too different from other regular logins, it’s a social network and app collection that benefits from the integration of profiles/identity into the various services and functions.</dd>
      <dt>www.downes.ca/presentation/498</dt>
      <dd author:author-id="skreutzer"><span class="url"><a href="https://www.downes.ca/presentation/498">www.downes.ca/presentation/498</a>: </span>A presentation page. Stephen Downes seems to suggest in his talk/presentation that the future of learning happens via direct interaction between peers, which is via the local client, not with a service/platform/middleman/dependency in between. Linked Data (a certain model to manage semantic meaning of distributed data) and federation seem to play an important role in this. Claims that Content Addressability is the new OER, missing that OER is mostly a legal copyright solution/movement, not a question of how it’s technically implemented.</dd>
      <dt>el30.mooc.ca</dt>
      <dd author:author-id="skreutzer"><span class="url"><a href="https://el30.mooc.ca">el30.mooc.ca</a>: </span>Seems to be a course about Stephen Downes’ ideas regarding the future of learning that happens via direct interaction with the help of the local client, and no service/platform/middleman/dependency in between. The course might be all theoretical, as the description doesn’t indicate that these concepts will be practically applied within the course, maybe because the tech/tools tend to not be available for this kind of thing yet, just as the course itself is done via the traditional server-centric Web and not directly between course participants and the teacher.</dd>
      <dt>grsshopper.downes.ca/about.htm</dt>
      <dd author:author-id="skreutzer"><span class="url"><a href="https://grsshopper.downes.ca/about.htm">grsshopper.downes.ca/about.htm</a>: </span>Seems to be a regular online RSS feed aggregator, except that you can configure what it should aggregate yourself.</dd>
      <dt>moodle.net</dt>
      <dd author:author-id="skreutzer"><span class="url"><a href="https://moodle.net">moodle.net</a>: </span>A SaaS hoster service for the popular Moodle learning software.</dd>
      <dt>academy.edgeryders.eu</dt>
      <dd author:author-id="skretzer"><span class="url"><a href="https://academy.edgeryders.eu">academy.edgeryders.eu</a>: </span>Seems to be a series of courses supported by Edgeryders forum operators/organization. The main point is probably that they’ll teach their accumulated experiences/findings learned from/by the forum community. The content/goal of the courses is incredibly vague (or broad), maybe how to be a little bit social online in groups or something? Teaching some background and most basic concepts potentially, therefore likely offering a useful first introduction.</dd>
    </dl>
    <p class="copyright-notice">Copyright (C) 2019 Stephan Kreutzer. This text is licensed under the <a href="https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html">GNU Affero General Public License 3 + any later version</a> and/or under the <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International</a>.</p>
  </body>
</html>
