<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html
    PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html version="-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml http://www.w3.org/MarkUp/SCHEMA/xhtml11.xsd" xmlns:author="htx-scheme-id://org.groupware-systems.20190227T133048Z/author.20191217T222007Z" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=UTF-8"/>
    <title>URL Contexts</title>
    <style type="text/css">
      p, dd
      {
          text-align: justify;
      }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Session 2020-01-07: URL Contexts</h1>
    <dl>
      <dt>www.tijd.be</dt>
      <dd author:author-id="skreutzer"><span class="url"><a href="https://www.tijd.be">www.tijd.be</a>: </span>Website of the Belgian newspaper “De Tijd”.</dd>
      <dt>www.tijd.be/dossiers/hashtag-column.html</dt>
      <dd author:author-id="skreutzer"><span class="url"><a href="https://www.tijd.be/dossiers/hashtag-column.html">www.tijd.be/dossiers/hashtag-column.html</a>: </span>Tagged publications of the column written by Roland Legrand for the website of the Belgian newspaper “De Tijd”.</dd>
      <dt>rheingold.com</dt>
      <dd author:author-id="skreutzer"><span class="url"><a href="http://rheingold.com">rheingold.com</a>: </span>Personal homepage of Howard Rheingold with a general overview of some of his activities.</dd>
      <dt>sutra.co</dt>
      <dd author:author-id="skreutzer"><span class="url"><a href="https://sutra.co">sutra.co</a>: </span>A conversation platform built by Lorenz Sell that organizes groups into “pods” and threads into “circles” with an emphasis on social interaction. Landing page requires login or registration.</dd>
      <dd author:author-id="cblass"><span class="url"><a href="https://sutra.co">sutra.co</a>: </span>Website also has a great blog/podcast series.</dd>
      <dt>www.ottoscharmer.com</dt>
      <dd author:author-id="skreutzer"><span class="url"><a href="https://www.ottoscharmer.com">www.ottoscharmer.com</a>: </span>Personal homepage of Dr. C. Otto Scharmer with links to his articles which discuss ecological, economical and societal questions. The Website mostly advertises some sort of offer and seems generally to be licensed under Creative Commons BY-SA 4.0.</dd>
      <dt>www.edx.org/course/ulab-leading-from-the-emerging-future</dt>
      <dd author:author-id="skreutzer"><span class="url"><a href="https://www.edx.org/course/ulab-leading-from-the-emerging-future">www.edx.org/course/ulab-leading-from-the-emerging-future</a>: </span>Overview and registration page for a course about leadership according to the “Theory U” methodology/concept.</dd>
      <dt>www.presencing.org/u-lab-2x</dt>
      <dd author:author-id="skreutzer"><span class="url"><a href="https://www.presencing.org/u-lab-2x">www.presencing.org/u-lab-2x</a>: </span>Description of certain groups who seemingly gathered at events, likely to discuss wholistic approaches towards general domains humanity is engaged in. It seems that the page also allowed visitors to apply for joining these groups/events, but applications are currently closed.</dd>
      <dt>sutra.co/robertbest</dt>
      <dd author:author-id="skreutzer"><span class="url"><a href="https://sutra.co/robertbest">sutra.co/robertbest</a>: </span>Robert Best’s account/profile on sutra.co, which includes his public activity feed.</dd>
    </dl>
    <p class="copyright-notice">Text by author “skreutzer”: Copyright (C) 2020 Stephan Kreutzer. Licensed under the <a href="https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html">GNU Affero General Public License 3 + any later version</a> and/or under the <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International</a>.</p>
    <p class="copyright-notice">Text by author “cblass”: Copyright (C) 2020 Charles Blass. All rights reserved.</p>
  </body>
</html>
